23-02-2026 B2S Meeting Notes:

- Their competitors take multiple-Images on a turn table
- They resell to eBay
- We need to handle the case of multiple images to OCR, like split labels
- Use the VL model to generate a description based on the image
- Nice to have: An image search (like a google image search) and keyword searches to get manufacturer information from their site
- When editing the suggestion provide a drop down with previous entries (not for all, only for where it would make sense such as manufacturers)
- Only fields that the AI is able to answer should be exposed to the VL model
- Their system has a label printing part which I assume we are going to omit since we don't have server access
- We are going to simulate a server we POST to

Fields used in their system with examples:
Basic information
SKU - 
Manufacturer - Pheonix Contact
Product Number - 2865463
Product Text - MACX MCR-EX-SL-NAM-2T Isolation Switch Amplifier
Product Version - 
EAN or UPC - 4046356160483
Country Of Origin - Germany
Item Category -
Packaging - Without
Condition - Used
External Condition - Very Good
Working Condition - Working Condition
Quantity - 1
Batch Size - 1
Storage Position -
External Note - Has scratches. Refer to photos
Internal Note - Registered 1 pcs. Item updated [12/02/2026 09.28.52] by IA
Price(EUR) - 
Status -
Advanced Information -
Weight (kg) -
Height (mm) -
Width (mm) -
Length (mm) -
HS Code -
Item Group - Grp1
Reference -
Sending type - Package
Selling Type - Fixed Price
Link -

Status - No item found

Label printing fields if needed (OCRed it w. snipping tool):
Label Printing

Print Label

1

Label For All

Print Label

Barcode Checking

Barcode to check

Registration Options

Find Similar Item

Use Template

Search in Google

Scarch in eBay

Sold on eBay

Use EAN for search

Add iters

From

23/01/2026

TO

23/02/2026

Check doubie qty

15

Transcript From Samuels recording:
We have sorting in the workshop, where they check whether the item is worth registering. Then we have step two, which is the registration process, where we enter all the product information.

Last time, we had someone working on the project who used stationary cameras, like webcams. We never tried using a phone or a phone camera and whatever is already integrated into it. A basic phone camera makes sense.

I think this is also because, in the libraries, there are many features already tied into the camera app that can be utilized.

Thoughts:
Taking pictures and doing validation was already possible two years ago and still is, at least for the major brands.

Using a phone is probably the most sensible approach.

We are building a React Native app, which has many existing libraries, such as barcode scanning, which we will use. We are considering both local and remote processing. We will probably start with remote and then add local processing later.

Using Google services would be better in terms of quality, but it costs money. They do have a free API, but it is limited. If you need to scan thousands of items, that limit becomes a problem. Quality would be better with cloud services, but a local model is also an option, though that requires further consideration due to their inability at tool calls, so it would be Image-To-JSON only.

